[snoring]
[horse whinnies]
[sighs]
[KAZUMA]
This ain't worth it.
Workin' all day for peanuts.
Dealing with a loser goddess.
Fantasy world, my ass!
This ain't the life
I signed up for!
What happened
to fighting dragons
with a kick-ass magic sword?
And being the edgy hero
everyone's been waiting for?
Where's the party member I'm
supposed to fall in love with?
This place is such a rip-off!
[GIRLS]
Red rover, red rover!
[thumps]
[AQUA]
I hate being broke!
I can't live like a pauper!
That does it!
Let's do a quest!
I don't care what!
I don't care if it's hard!
I want money!
Well, I would not mind
a hard quest.
Please, let's go
on a quest!
I'm sick of working
a part-time job!
The boss yells at me if I
don't sell all the croquettes!
I promise I won't slack off!
I'll be a good party member!
[KAZUMA] How can a goddess
be so pathetic?!
Look, sooner or later,
I'm gonna run out of money, too.
So what the heck, pick out
a quest and we'll go with you.
Yes, sir!
[giggling]
I can't believe
you're letting her choose.
I get the feeling she'll pick
something horrific.
I definitely would not mind
a quest like that!
Mmm? Mmm?
-This one.
-Hold your horses!
I wanna see what kinda crap
you picked first!
[muffled screaming]
"A manticore and a griffin
are fighting over territory
"in the region
and disturbing the peace.
"If you kill them,
you will receive a reward
of five hundred thousand eris."
Are you out of your mind?!
It's a good thing I came over
to check on her.
She was on her way
to picking
the gnarliest quest
on the board!
[AQUA]
Ooh! How about this one?
"Need to purify
the town's lake.
"It has become so foul,
no one can drink from it
"and brutal alligators
have made it their home.
"The monsters will leave
once it has been purified,
"so you won't have
to kill them.
Three hundred thousand
eris reward."
Three hundred thousand?!
This one's got my name
written all over it!
Uh, huh?
Uh...
How about it?
Hold on,
you can purify water?
Are you kidding?
You silly boy,
who do you think I am?
I can't believe
I have to tell you.
With my name and looks,
it should be obvious
what I'm a goddess of!
The goddess
of cheap party tricks?
No, you stupid shut-in NEET!
Are you blind?!
My eyes are blue,
my hair's blue!
I'm the goddess of water!
Alright, fine, we'll take it.
Better yet, you take it,
and that way,
the reward's all yours.
Oh!
[nervous chuckle]
I'm pretty sure
the monsters will attack me
while I'm purifying, so...
...I sort of need
your guys' protection?
[KAZUMA]
Mm-hmm.
How long does it take?
Five minutes?
Hmm.
-More like half a day.
-No, thank you!
Please, please, please, Kazuma!
Help me out here!
I really, really need this!
How do you purify
a lake, anyway?!
Huh?
Well, um,
I'm a high-level goddess.
All I have to do
is touch the water,
and that should do the trick.
That's it, huh?
You know what?
I think I know how
to keep you safe
from the monsters
while you do it.
How?
[LUNA]
Konosuba!
Are you sure about this?
What are you worried about?
You're perfectly safe in there.
Don't tell me
you're getting cold feet now.
No, I'm not.
I just feel like
some rare monster
that's being carted off
to the circus.
[owl hooting]
[KAZUMA]
I know how it looks,
but no,
we're not gonna ditch her.
This was to keep her safe.
See, this way,
she could touch the water
and purify it
from inside the cage.
Aqua!
If you need help, holler!
We'll reel you in,
cage and all!
I hate this.
Now I know
how a teabag feels
after it's been steeping
for too long.
That iron bar makes
three hundred and twelve.
three hundred thirteen.
No monsters have appeared yet.
I noticed that, too.
Well, I noticed
you're more chill today
than you normally are.
What?
Usually, you'd brag about
how scary your power is,
then blow the damn lake
to smithereens.
He's right. You would.
I-is that what
you think of me?!
That I'm that immature?!
I wouldn't dare waste
my fearsome spell
on mere alligators,
it is far too precious!
You got no problem usin' it
on everything else.
Aqua! You good?
How's that purifying
comin' along?
Going well, thank you!
[KAZUMA] You'll catch cold if
you sit in that water too long!
You need to get out
to go pee or anything?
I'm an arch-priest!
We don't "go pee or anything!"
She sounds like
she's doing just fine.
By the way, Crimson Demons
don't pee or anything either.
What, are you guys like robots
or something?
A-actually,
I-I am a crusader.
We don't--
Such things are not--
[straining]
Please. Stop.
You're not convincing me at all.
And as for you
and the soggy blue one,
let's put you to the test.
After we're done here,
we'll do a quest
that takes longer
than a day,
one with lots of walking.
No, anything but that!
N-not because
Crimson Demons have to pee!
We just hate long quests
is all.
You are even more sadistic
than I hoped!
The alligators
still haven't shown up.
It would be great
if we could finish this
without having to fight them.
Shut up! You wanna trigger
a flag or something?!
[AQUA] [whimpering]
K-Kazuma?!
Something's coming!
A lot of somethings
are coming!
[screaming]
Kazuma! Kazuma!
[crying]
[AQUA] [screaming]
KonoSuba!
[KAZUMA] Before the gators,
Aqua just sat there
thinking her goddess-y butt
was enough to purify the lake.
She was being
more proactive now.
[AQUA]
Purification! Purification!
Purifica--
-[thudding]
-[screaming]
Purification! Purification!
Purification!
What was that?!
The cage just made
a really weird sound!
Aqua! You wanna
call it a day?
Say the word and we'll come
down and reel you in!
No! If I give up now,
I won't get the reward!
-[crunch]
-[crying, screaming]
The cage just made
a crunch sound!
Cages aren't supposed
to go "crunch"!
Purification! Purification!
I'm feeling jealous.
It looks fun inside that cage.
Down, girl.
Purification! Purification!
Purification!
[water sloshing]
[MEGUMIN] Well, the lake
seems to be purified.
The alligators have left
the area, too.
You okay in there, Aqua?
A-Aqua?
[KAZUMA]
Hey, Aqua.
Lady Aqua!
Hey!
Come on, say something!
You hurt?!
-[sobbing]
-[grunts]
If those stupid gators
freaked you out that much,
you should have quit
the quest.
Come on now.
Let's go home.
Hey, guess what.
We were talkin' and...
...well, we decided you can have
the reward for this.
That's right, Aqua.
You can keep
the three hundred thousand eris
all to yourself.
I-it's only fair!
After all,
you were the one
who did all the work.
Y-you can come on out now,
it's safe.
The gators are all gone,
promise.
[AQUA] I'll stay in the cage,
thank you.
Seriously?
The world is too big.
Too scary.
I will never leave
this cage again.
[KAZUMA]
Aqua's been traumatized again.
Man, these quests
are tough on her.
[whooshing]
[explosion booms]
[growling]
It's the legendary
Ancient Dragon!
Can we even beat that thing?
Maybe we should get
out of here!
My name is Kyouya Mitsurugi.
When I was alive,
I was an ordinary high schooler.
But after I died,
I met a beautiful goddess,
who reincarnated me
into this world as its hero.
If we don't deal
with this now,
it will ravage the land
and kill everything
in its path!
We're the only ones
who can stop it.
And stop it we shall!
[BOTH]
Kyouya!
[GIRL 1] They say
the gods forged his sword,
and only he can use it!
[GIRL 2]
The magic sword Gram!
[yelling]
[explosion booms]
[crow cawing]
[GIRL 1]
Yup! That's my Kyouya!
It only took him one blow
to kill the Ancient Dragon!
Wait, since when
did he become your Kyouya?!
Wait, ladies,
please don't fight!
[GIRL 1]
He's mine and that's that!
[GIRL 2] What are you talking
about?! He's mine, got it?!
[KYOUYA] I swear,
I will save this world.
I promised her I would.
[AQUA]
Now, begin your journey
in a new world
with Gram, the magic sword.
Yes, m'lady.
I swear I will slay
the Devil King
and save the world for you.
Go now, become its hero.
[AQUA] [humming]
Doo doo doo-doo-doo.
♪ Gaze upon this ♪
[KYOUYA] I know that voice!
Could it be?!
♪ Washed-up goddess ♪
Hey, Kyouya,
where're you going?!
-[AQUA] ♪ Of me ♪
-[KYOUYA panting]
♪ Who will they sell me to? ♪
♪ What's a girl
like me to do? ♪
M'lady!
♪ Who could they sell me to? ♪
Aqua.
Geez, would you quit
singin' that weird-ass song?
Stop it already.
Do you know
how bad this looks
with you in there?
Oh nice, everyone in town
is starin' at us.
Would you get out already?!
No. This cage is
my sanctuary now.
It's too scary out there,
so I'll stay in here.
Shutting herself off
from the world isn't healthy.
No, it is not.
She's just like
I used to be.
-[MEGUMIN/DARKNESS] Huh?
-Never mind. Nothing.
[KYOUYA] M'lady!
I'll get you out of there!
-[grunting]
-[bars creaking]
-Damn!
-Wow, he's strong!
What are you doing
in this cage, m'lady?!
-You're a goddess!
-[DARKNESS] Hey.
My friend did not give you
permission to touch her.
Who are you? Out with it!
Do you know this guy?
'Cause it sounds
like he knows you!
He called you "goddess"!
G-goddess?
Yeah, just now!
Hmm?
That's right!
I am a goddess, huh!
She forgot?!
Who forgets a thing like--
Oh, right.
[yelps]
How can this goddess be
of service to you, good sir?
Who are you?
I-it's me, m'lady!
Kyouya Mitsurugi!
Don't you remember me?
I died
and you reincarnated me
and gave me Gram,
the magic sword?
-Um...
-[gasps]
Huh?
Uh... Oh, right, right!
That guy!
Sorry, I totally forgot
for a second there!
I helped so many people
cross over,
I was bound to forget
a few here and there!
Uh, sure.
It has been
a while, m'lady.
And I'm fighting hard
to save this world.
To be its hero.
By the way,
I hope you don't
mind me asking,
but why were you in a cage?
[KAZUMA] Oh, brother.
Where do I start?
[AQUA/KAZUMA]
Ko-no-su-ba!
KONOSUBA
What?!
You dragged m'lady
to this world against her will?
Then locked her in a cage
and dunked her in a lake?!
You monster, how could you?!
N-no, wait!
I don't really mind
that he forced me
to come here anymore!
I'm having lots of fun, doing
all sorts of life-y things!
Please, m'lady.
I don't know how this guy
influenced your judgment,
but you're a goddess,
remember?!
He's a nobody!
[KAZUMA] Listen to this asswipe,
flappin' away.
Hell, he doesn't even know
what Aqua's really like!
What's up?
[MAN] Two dudes
fightin' over some chick.
[KYOUYA] If you don't mind
my asking, Lady Aqua,
which inn are you staying at?
It's not an inn.
It's the stables.
Huh?
-[growling]
-[DARKNESS] Hey!
Take your hands
off him this instant!
Is there no limit
to your rudeness?!
I could end him
with an Explosion?
[KAZUMA] Please don't.
You'll end me, too.
Interesting.
A crusader
and an arch-wizard.
And charming ones at that,
if you don't mind me saying so.
You're blessed to have such
excellent people as allies.
And yet, you make Lady Aqua
sleep in a dirty stable.
Have you no shame?!
[KAZUMA]
Thanks to the magic sword
this jackass got
when he reincarnated,
I bet his life here's
been hassle-free
and way easier than mine.
I worked my way up from nothing
to get what I have,
so for him to lecture me?
He can go screw himself.
And for him to call
these three "excellent"?
Not once...
...have I ever...
...ever, ever...
...seen these chicks...
...be excellent!
Look, ladies,
I'm a sword-master
and I'd love
to have you in my party.
I'll treat you well,
and I'll buy you the best gear.
[BOTH groan]
This guy's trouble
with a capital "T."
He's giving me the
heebie-jeebies something fierce.
Like, he's so full
of himself, it's scary.
Agreed. That man makes me feel
so conflicted.
I enjoy being hit
more than attacking,
but the urge to punch
his face is irresistible!
I want to blow him up.
Let me blow him up.
Well, you heard 'em.
These excellent ladies
would rather stick
with a nobody like me
than join you.
Later, dude.
-[KYOUYA] Wait!
-[groans]
[cape flutters]
You're blocking our way.
I am sorry, but I can't leave
Lady Aqua
in a party that mistreats her.
[KAZUMA] He's the type
who can't seem to take a hint.
I know
what's comin' up next.
Let's spar for her.
[KAZUMA]
Called it.
If I beat you,
Lady Aqua comes with me.
And if you beat me,
I'll grant you any one request.
Okay, you're on,
ready-set-go!
H-hold on a second!
Steal!
Huh?
-[sword clangs]
-[groaning]
That'll teach you
to open your big mouth.
[GIRL 1]
Why, you coward!
Coward, coward, coward!
Let me guess,
you guys are with him, right?
That's right, you jerk!
Y-you jerky coward!
[KAZUMA] This doofus with
a magic sword challenged me,
a noob adventurer
with weak gear,
and I'm the cheater?!
Give Gram back
to him right now!
That's Kyouya's sword, and he's
the only one who can use it!
Huh? For real?
Yup, it's true.
He's the only one
that can use Gram.
Huh?
Too bad, I won, it's mine.
Wait! You can't just
walk off with it!
You didn't win,
you took him off guard!
[KAZUMA]
I believe everyone's equal,
ladies and dudes.
So, I don't have a problem
throwin' down
on a couple of girls
if they're askin' for it.
Right now,
you're asking for it.
If I use Steal,
things could get embarrassing
and drafty for you.
-[GIRL 1] Huh?
-[GIRL 2] Wh-what?!
[KAZUMA cackling]
-[BOTH whimpering]
-[KAZUMA] Here we go, ladies!
[cackling]
[BOTH whimpering]
[KAZUM] Yeah, I can feel
the steal comin' on!
[BOTH whimpering]
[BOTH]
No!
I feel dirty.
[MEGUMIN/DARKNESS/AQUA/KAZUMA]
KonoSuba
What?!
It wasn't my fault!
Why do you hate me?!
Aqua sounds upset again.
Wonder what happened
this time?
I swear, it's like
she's only happy
if she's causing
the biggest commotion!
-[AQUA] I got my reward.
-Hmm?
Guess why she only gave me
a hundred thousand eris?
'Cause the cage is
two hundred thousand to fix.
I didn't even break
the darn thing!
That weasel!
When I see him again,
I'll hit him with God Blow
right between the eyes!
[KYOUYA]
There you are, Kazuma Satou!
-[heavy breathing]
-[GIRLS whimpering]
I happened to run
into a lady thief,
and she told me
all about you.
She said you steal panties!
I also heard
a rumor going around
about how you like
dousing women in slime.
They call you
"Kazuma the Cad!"
Who the hell's talkin'
about me behind my back!
Lady Aqua, I swore to you that
I would defeat the Devil King.
M'lady, please join my--
God Blow!
[KYOUYA screams]
-[clattering]
-[ALL] Huh?
-[GIRLS screaming]
-[KYOUYA groaning]
[AQUA]
Come here!
You broke the cage,
and you're gonna pay
for it, or else!
It cost three hundred thousand
to fix!
Uh, yes, m'lady.
Uh, here!
[KAZUMA] Wait, didn't she say
two hundred thou before?
[AQUA]
Ohh, barkeep!
One draft, please!
And a stack of fried frog, too!
I-- Look, I know
you're the last person
I should ask anything from.
But I must!
Please, give me back my sword!
If you do, I'll buy you
the finest sword
in all the lan--
Sorry. I hate to interrupt
your groveling,
but he doesn't have
your sword anymore.
Huh?
[AQUA gulping]
[exhales]
Ha! That's very funny!
Come on now.
Where is my magic sword,
really?
I sold it.
[KYOUYA]
Damn it!
[BOTH]
Wait, Kyouya!
[footsteps receding]
Wish I could have got
more for it.
That man has serious issues.
Come to think of it,
he called Aqua
a goddess a few times,
and I was wondering
if you knew why that was.
[KAZUMA]
The jig's up.
It's time to tell her
and Megumin the truth.
It was supposed
to be a secret.
But I think
I can trust you with it.
I am Aqua.
Worshipped by the Axis sect.
The goddess of water.
Sorry I couldn't
tell you sooner,
but I am the goddess Aqua.
[DARKNESS/MEGUMIN] You really
shouldn't drink so much.
[AQUA]
I'm not drunk!
[LUNA]
Emergency! Emergency!
We need all adventurers
to arm themselves
and rally at the main gate,
prepared for battle!
Kazuma Satou,
you and your party
in particular
are needed today,
so please hurry!
[ALL]
Huh?
[PEOPLE murmuring]
Uh-oh, him again.
[DULLAHAN]
You wretches.
What is wrong
with you people?!
Why do you keep
bombarding my castle?!
Say what?
[AQUA] Day by day, Kazuma Satou
is growing stronger.
His progress is going so well,
he could defeat
the Devil King soon.
Of course, this is all thanks
to my tal--